README.MD, before:

# Extra Commands

Contains VSCode commands, that should be builtin!!

Some commands are already builtin or already got covered by another extension? Create an issue! Once I find one of these commands, it **will be removed** from this extension! So, expect breaking changes.

However, for now, there is no even way to notify you about that!

> You can find more experimental and unstable commands/features in [vscode-experiments](https://github.com/zardoy/vscode-experiments).

## Commands

### `openShortcutsOfAnotherPlatform`

[microsoft/vscode#134338](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues/134338)

### `goToLine`

1. Doesn't jump between lines when you enter numbers
2. Shows helpful message if you exceeded number of lines
3. When you jump to line, keep you screen in center

### `togglePanelVisibility`

[microsoft/vscode#135429](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues/135429)

### `renameSymbolAndFile`

Renames symbol and (forcefully!) renames file to the same name.

For example:

```ts
// 📁 parseSomething.ts

export const parseSomething = () => {}
```

Position cursor on `parseSomething` variable and run this command. It will rename the symbol and file name. (refactor)

```ts
// 📁 parseString.ts

export const parseString = () => {}
```

You can just run it with the same name to quickly turn file name into symbol name:

```ts
// 📁 parseString.ts

export const parseSomething = () => {}
```

After running on `parseSomething`:

```ts
// 📁 parseSomething.ts

export const parseSomething = () => {}
```

> `typescript.updateImportsOnFileMove.enabled` recommended to be `always`
> Be aware, ctrl+z most probably won't work correctly

### `deleteAllLeftAfterIndent`

I use it as fixed variant of `cmd+backspace` shortcut.

### `removeSurroundingCharacter`

```ts
const obj = {
    'foo',
    'barr'
}
```

Select **everything** inside brackets, and run this command to remove surrounding symbols of the selection. Then you can quickly type `[` to turn it into array.

Other `extension*` commands are not implemented yet.

Commit message:

feat: do not always center viewport for `goToLine` feature and a setting for controlling that

README.MD, after:

# Extra Commands

Contains VSCode commands, that should be builtin!!

Some commands are already builtin or already got covered by another extension? Create an issue! Once I find one of these commands, it **will be removed** from this extension! So, expect breaking changes.

However, for now, there is no even way to notify you about that!

> You can find more experimental and unstable commands/features in [vscode-experiments](https://github.com/zardoy/vscode-experiments).

## Commands

### `openShortcutsOfAnotherPlatform`

[microsoft/vscode#134338](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues/134338)

### `goToLine`

1. Doesn't jump between lines when you enter numbers
2. Shows helpful message if you exceeded number of lines
3. When you jump to line, keep you screen in center (can be enabled via setting)

### `togglePanelVisibility`

[microsoft/vscode#135429](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/issues/135429)

### `renameSymbolAndFile`

Renames symbol and (forcefully!) renames file to the same name.

For example:

```ts
// 📁 parseSomething.ts

export const parseSomething = () => {}
```

Position cursor on `parseSomething` variable and run this command. It will rename the symbol and file name. (refactor)

```ts
// 📁 parseString.ts

export const parseString = () => {}
```

You can just run it with the same name to quickly turn file name into symbol name:

```ts
// 📁 parseString.ts

export const parseSomething = () => {}
```

After running on `parseSomething`:

```ts
// 📁 parseSomething.ts

export const parseSomething = () => {}
```

> `typescript.updateImportsOnFileMove.enabled` recommended to be `always`
> Be aware, ctrl+z most probably won't work correctly

### `deleteAllLeftAfterIndent`

I use it as fixed variant of `cmd+backspace` shortcut.

### `removeSurroundingCharacter`

```ts
const obj = {
    'foo',
    'barr'
}
```

Select **everything** inside brackets, and run this command to remove surrounding symbols of the selection. Then you can quickly type `[` to turn it into array.

Other `extension*` commands are not implemented yet.
